Add Community openSUSE repository (#68)
oneapi-src/oneVPL: README.md

- from [oneVPL home page](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/tools/oneapi/components/onevpl.html) as a part of Intel&reg; oneAPI Base Toolkit.
- from source code.  See [Installation from Sources](INSTALL.md) for details.

> - from openSUSE distributiono the use the command: zypper install libvpl-devel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- from your Linux distribution:
  - SUSE/openSUSE: `zypper install libvpl-devel`
```
